.Dd April 9, 2022
.Dt @OPAM-COSWITCH 1
.Os OBazl User Manual
.Sh NAME
.Nm @opam//coswitch
.Nd Manage multiple OBazl coswitches
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Sy @opam//coswitch[:subcmd]
.Op --
.Op Ar options
.Sh OPTIONS
All commands take a help option:
.Ql -- -h
.Sh DESCRIPTION
These commands are designed to be run under the control of
.Em Bazel .
For example:
.Bd -literal -offset indent
$ bazel run @opam//coswitch:list
.Ed
.Pp
OBazl supports two kinds of coswitch:
.Bl -tag -width indent -offset indent
.It Em Project-local No (a/k/a Em here No coswitch)
One per project, located in <projroot>/.obazl.d/opam.
Each
.Em Here
coswitch is based on a switch of the same name installed in a
project-specific OPAM installation rooted at
.Em <projroot>/.opam .
The switch/coswitch are not shared by any other projects.
.It Em Shared No (a/k/a Em XDG No coswitch)
Located in $XDG_DATA_HOME/obazl/opam.  XDG coswitches are based on standard OPAM switches installed by default in
.Em $HOME/.opam .
They may be shared by multiple projects, just like standard OPAM switches.
.El

.Sh SUBCOMMANDS
.Bl -tag -width -indent
.It Xo Ar :create
.Xc
Creates an XDG coswitch from a switch.
.Bl -tag -width -indent
.It Fl s
Name of OPAM switch.
.El
.Pp
To create a
.Em here
switch, run
.Sy $ bazel run @opam//here/create
.It Xo Ar :set
.Xc
Sets the coswitch to use for building the local project.
.Bl -tag -width -indent
.It Fl s
Name of coswitch.
.El
.It Xo Ar :list
.Xc
Without arg, displays list of coswitches. With
.Ar -s <coswitch>
arg, lists configuration of
.Ar <coswitch> .
.It Xo Ar :remove
.Xc
Removes an XDG coswitch. Has no effect on corresponding OPAM switch.
.Bl -tag -width -indent
.It Fl s
Name of coswitch to remove.
.El
.It Ar :show
Displays name of current coswitch
.El
.Sh EXAMPLES
.Sh SEE ALSO
To display the manpage for a command:
.Bd -literal -offset indent
$ bazel run @opam//coswitch:list -- -h
.Ed
.Pp
.Xr @opam//coswitch:show
.Xr @opam//coswitch:refresh
.Xr here
.Sh AUTHORS
.An Gregg Reynolds
