.Dd April 9, 2022
.Dt @OPAM-LOCAL 1
.Os OBazl User Manual
.Sh NAME
.Nm @opam//local
.Nd Manage local OPAM switch and OBazl coswitch
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Sy @opam//local[:subcmd]
.Op Ar --
.Op Ar options
.Sh OPTIONS
All commands take a help option:
.Ql -- -h
.Sh DESCRIPTION
These commands are designed to be run under the control of
.Sy Bazel .
For example:
.Bd -literal -offset indent
.Ic $ bazel run @opam//local:list
.Ed
.Sh LOCAL SWITCH
A
.Sy local
switch is an ordinary OPAM switch installed at
.Pa <projroot>/_opam .
The
.Sy opam
command will detect the local switch at
.Pa ./_opam
and treat it as the "current" switch. This means that the
.Sy opam
command may be used directly to configure the switch, list its
contents, etc. For example, the following commands, when executed in the
.Pa <projroot>
directory, will print information about the local switch:
.Bd -literal -offset indent
.Ic $ opam var
.Ic $ opam list
.Ed
.Pp
To install package <pkg>:
.Bd -literal -offset indent
.Ic $ opam install <pkg>
.Ed
.Pp
To reproduce the local switch, use
.Ic '$ opam switch export'
and
.Ic '$ opam switch import' .
OBazl convention is to store the output of
.Ic '$ opam switch export'
in
.Pa <projroot>/.obazl.d/opam/local.manifest .
As a convenience, you can use subcommands
.Ic :export
and
.Ic :import ,
documented below.
.Sh LOCAL COSWITCH
.Pp
A
.Sy local
coswitch is based on an OPAM local switch.  The location of the
.Sy local
coswitch is
.Pa <projroot>/.obazl.d/opam/local .
The local coswitch is composed of:
.Bl -tag -width -indent
.It package "adapters" in
.Pa <projroot>/.obazl.d/opam/local
.El
.Pp
The
.Sy local
switch/coswitch are not shared by any other projects.
.Sh SUBCOMMANDS
Without
.Sy :subcmd ,
defaults to
.Sy @opam//local -- -h
.Bl -tag -width -indent
.It Xo Ar :clean
.Xc
Deletes
.Sy local
coswitch.
.It Xo Ar :export
.Xc
Exports the OPAM local switch to
.Pa <projroot>/.obazl.d/opam/local.manifest .
.It Xo Ar :import
.Xc
Imports
.Pa <projroot>/.obazl.d/opam/local.manifest
to local OPAM switch
.Pa <projroot>/_opam .
.It Xo Ar :list
.Xc
Lists the local switch.
.It Xo Ar :refresh
.Xc
Updates the
.Sy local
coswitch from the OPAM local switch.  You must run this command if you use standard OPAM commands (e.g.
.Ic $ opam install <pkg>
) to change the
.Sy local
switch.
.It Xo Ar :set
.Xc
Makes the
.Sy local
coswitch the effective coswitch, to use for building the local project.
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr @opam//local:clean
.Xr @opam//local:create
.Xr @opam//local:export
.Xr @opam//local:expunge
.Xr @opam//local:import
.Xr @opam//local:list
.Xr @opam//local:refresh
.Xr @opam//local:reinit
.Xr @opam//local:set
.Pp
.Xr @opam//local/opam:init
.Xr @opam//local/opam:install
.Xr @opam//local/opam:remove
.Pp
To display the manpage for a command:
.Bd -literal -offset indent
$ bazel run @opam//local:<cmd> -- -h
.Ed
.Sh AUTHORS
.An Gregg Reynolds
